[Docs] Added additional_filters datetime limitation to docs (#6400)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/feature-store/sources-targets.md

## Parquet source
In ParquetSource, while reading a source, besides start_time and end_time,
you can also use an additional_filters attribute on other columns in your source,
which works similarly to the filtering functionality in pandas (based on pyarrow library).
This can increase performance when reading large Parquet files.

> Pay attention!

Reviewer: ```{admonition} Tips
-  None/NaN/NaT values can be filtered out using this functionality on their columns.
-  Datetime or timestamp filters are not supported yet.
```

> 1)  None/NaN/NaT values may be filtered out using this functionality on their columns.
> 2)  Datetime or timestamp filter is not supported yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1)  When using the additional_filters on a column, values None, NaN, NaT will be filtered out from the filter result.
2)  Specifying additional_filters as Datetime object is not supported.
```
Not sure you meant with `timestamp`?

Author: I meant pd.timestamp, but I saw that timestamp class inherit from datetime.
So I think we can leave the limitation on datetime only:)
